Add info about deploys and staging (#410)
mbta/document_viewer: README.md

## Development

install deps
```sh
asdf install && mix deps.get
```

Likely you do not have the permissions to access the S3 bucket that this app connects to. That is deliberate. It houses very sensitive documents so the access to it is very locked down. If you start the app you may see an error like this:

```sh
[error] GenServer Catalog terminating
** (ArgumentError) errors were found at the given arguments:

  * 1st argument: the table identifier does not refer to an existing ETS table

    (stdlib 6.1.1) :ets.lookup(ExAws.Config.AuthCache, :aws_instance_auth)
    (ex_aws 2.5.3) lib/ex_aws/config/auth_cache.ex:23: ExAws.Config.AuthCache.get/1
    (ex_aws 2.5.3) lib/ex_aws/config.ex:179: ExAws.Config.retrieve_runtime_value/2
```

We have not yet setup a mock for the bucket in dev or setup a dev bucket to work from.

## Deploying

### Staging

> The staging URL is [https://github.com/mbta/document_viewer/actions/workflows/deploy-prod.yml](https://github.com/mbta/document_viewer/actions/workflows/deploy-prod.yml). If you do not have the correct permissions this may redirect back to `https://www.mbta.com/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The staging URL is [https://document-viewer-dev.mbtace.com/](https://document-viewer-dev.mbtace.com/). If you do not have the correct permissions this may redirect back to `https://www.mbta.com/`.
```
suggestion: I think you meant this URL.

Author: ah yes thanks! 🙈
